---
layout: default
title: 1. Design Principle and Objective
nav_order: 2
---

# Install

Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting
industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever
since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and
scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five
centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining
essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release
of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently
with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions
of Lorem Ipsum.

# Troubleshoot

It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the
readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of
using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of
letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making it
look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web
page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a
search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web sites still in their
infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by
accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).

![100,000+ Free Sea & Ocean Images](media/image1.jpeg)

\[caption: A tree of miracle\]

# Programming Guide

## c-path

**\[Notice\] this is very important announcement for all users.**

Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It
has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it
over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at
Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure
Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through
the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the
undoubtable source. Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33
of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by
Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of
ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of Lorem
Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from a line in section
1.10.32.

## a-path

The standard chunk of Lorem Ipsum used since the 1500s is reproduced
below for those interested. Sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 from "de
Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" by Cicero are also reproduced in their exact
original form, accompanied by English versions from the 1914 translation
by H. Rackham.

# Testing and Tools

## App

### DB1

This is a test for converting word file. Senectus et netus et malesuada.
Nunc pulvinar sapien et ligula ullamcorper malesuada proin. Neque
convallis a cras semper auctor. Libero id faucibus nisl tincidunt eget.
Leo a diam sollicitudin tempor id. A lacus vestibulum sed arcu non odio
euismod lacinia. In tellus integer feugiat scelerisque. Feugiat in
fermentum posuere urna nec tincidunt praesent. Porttitor rhoncus dolor
purus non enim praesent elementum facilisis. Nisi scelerisque eu
ultrices vitae auctor eu augue ut lectus. Ipsum faucibus vitae aliquet
nec ullamcorper sit amet risus. Et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas
sed. Sit amet nisl suscipit adipiscing bibendum est ultricies. Arcu ac
tortor dignissim convallis aenean et tortor at. Pretium viverra
suspendisse potenti nullam ac tortor vitae purus. Eros donec ac odio
tempor orci dapibus ultrices. Elementum nibh tellus molestie nunc. Et
magnis dis parturient montes nascetur. Est placerat in egestas erat
imperdiet. Consequat interdum varius sit amet mattis vulputate enim.

| no | title | contents | note |
| -- | ----- | -------- | ---- |
| 1  | 2     | 3        | 4    |
| 1  | 2     | 3        | 4    |
| 1  | 2     | 3        | 4    |
| 1  | 2     | 3        | 4    |

\[Table: sample table\]

### DB2

Sit amet nulla facilisi morbi tempus. Nulla facilisi cras fermentum odio
eu. Etiam erat velit scelerisque in dictum non consectetur a erat. Enim
nulla aliquet porttitor lacus luctus accumsan tortor posuere. Ut sem
nulla pharetra diam. Fames ac turpis egestas maecenas. Bibendum neque
egestas congue quisque egestas diam. Laoreet id donec ultrices tincidunt
arcu non sodales neque. Eget felis eget nunc lobortis mattis aliquam
faucibus purus. Faucibus interdum posuere lorem ipsum dolor sit.

### DB3

It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the
readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of
using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of
letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making it
look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web
page editors now use Lorem Ipsum as their default model text, and a
search for 'lorem ipsum' will uncover many web sites still in their
infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by
accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour.

## Middle-layer

### DB1

Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting
industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever
since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and
scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five
centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining
essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release
of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently
with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions
of Lorem Ipsum.

### DB2

This is a test for converting word file.

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>no</th>
<th>title</th>
<th>contents</th>
<th>note</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td><p>2</p>
<p>33</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td><p>2</p>
<p>4</p>
<p>5</p></td>
<td>3</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td><p>32</p>
<p>14</p></td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>1</p>
<p>2</p></td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>1</td>
<td>2</td>
<td>3</td>
<td>4</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

\[Table2: sample table\]

## OS

There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the
majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour, or
randomised words which don't look even slightly believable. If you are
going to use a passage of Lorem Ipsum, you need to be sure there isn't
anything embarrassing hidden in the middle of text. All the Lorem Ipsum
generators on the Internet tend to repeat predefined chunks as
necessary, making this the first true generator on the Internet. It uses
a dictionary of over 200 Latin words, combined with a handful of model
sentence structures, to generate Lorem Ipsum which looks reasonable. The
generated Lorem Ipsum is therefore always free from repetition, injected
humour, or non-characteristic words etc.

### DB1

Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem
accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab
illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt
explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut
odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione
voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum
quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam
eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat
voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam
corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur?
Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse
quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo
voluptas nullaí˜»

### DB2

On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike
men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the
moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and
trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who
fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying
through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple
and easy to distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is
untrammelled and when nothing prevents our being able to do what we like
best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in
certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations
of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be
repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds
in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to
secure other greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse
pains.

